One of the features of Python that makes it so powerful is the ability
to take existing libraries, written in C or C++, and make them
available as Python extension modules. Such extension modules are
often called bindings for the library.

SIP is a tool that makes it very easy to create Python bindings for C
and C++ libraries. It was originally developed to create PyQt, the
Python bindings for the Qt toolkit, but can be used to create bindings
for any C or C++ library.

NOTE:
This package will, by default, overwrite some files contained in the 
stock kdebindings package included in Slackware.  The version of sip
included with kdebindings is an older version which works fine for
generating qt3/kde3 python bindings, but the newer versions are needed 
to generate qt4 python bindings (pyqt4 on SlackBuilds.org).  To the
best of our knowledge, sip is backwards compatible, so there shouldn't
be any adverse effects from the overwritten files, but we cannot make
any promises.  If you do encounter problems, remove this sip package
and reinstall the stock kdebinding package, and then notify the 
maintainer of this build script (see the sip.info file).
As an alternative, this build script provides a PREFIX variable that
can be set to select a different installation prefix (such as /opt).
Doing so will require you to add the directory in which the sip binary
is located to your PATH, add the sip includes directory to your 
compiler includes search path, and add the sip python module path to 
your PYTHONPATH environment variable.  All of these things will have
to be done manually and in such a way that they take priority over the
files installed in /usr prefix.
